Update README.md (#87)
element-hq/lk-jwt-service: README.md

This service is used when hosting the [Element Call](https://github.com/element-hq/element-call) video conferencing application against a LiveKit backend.

> Alongside this service, you will need the [LiveKit SFU](https://github.com/livekit/livekit) application and for standalone applications the [Element Call](https://github.com/element-hq/element-call) web application.

Reviewer: We use single page instead of standalone in all our docs (we try to at least)
```suggestion
Alongside this service, you will need the [LiveKit SFU](https://github.com/livekit/livekit) and for single page applications (SPA) the [Element Call](https://github.com/element-hq/element-call) web application.
```
